What? This kid can actually break the organization's advice?
Why is this Chiba Excalibur so violent?
Because he was angry
To teach a lesson to those who provoke him
Chiba Excalibur is angry
I had no choice.
Never encountered before
Originally no choice
For hundreds of years
Who can look back and break like him
Patriarch sees you
Wow, the ocean is amazing.
This will definitely solve the housewarming
Me and him
Like the difference between cloud and soil
Just like me
Climbing the ladder into the idle courtyard
stroll
Is it recommended to eat and drink water?
In front of him
Who dares to become a genius?
Only geniuses who grow up are called geniuses
Those who do not grow up are called dead
Only when I saw him did I know what wonderful righteousness is
You are the apprentice I like
Nature is extraordinary
Let's see, Senno Divine Sword is completely enraged
You want to use the sword formation
To teach a lesson to someone who challenges your dignity?
If so
Then come on.
Panyang breaks it with strength
It's a prison.
It's not good to crush him if you have the sword medicine
Hanyang boy
Forever to Hell
I was born
Providence is also sharper than me